Update developer install instructions with bare metal couch install steps (#6904)
medic/cht-core: DEVELOPMENT.md

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) 8.11.x and above LTS release (designated with an even major version number)
- [npm](https://npmjs.com/) 6.x.x and above (to support npm ci)
- [grunt cli](https://gruntjs.com/using-the-cli)

> - [CouchDB](https://couchdb.apache.org) 2.x ([installation instructions](http://docs.couchdb.org/en/2.3.1/install/index.html)). For simplicity we [recommend installing via docker](#couchdb-on-docker). If on a Mac, please note that installation via homebrew is **not** supported. If on Ubuntu and you don't want to use docker, see [our notes below](#couchdb-on-docker).

Reviewer: Looks like a typo in the hashtag.

```suggestion
- [CouchDB](https://couchdb.apache.org) 2.x ([installation instructions](http://docs.couchdb.org/en/2.3.1/install/index.html)). For simplicity we [recommend installing via docker](#couchdb-on-docker). If on a Mac, please note that installation via homebrew is **not** supported. If on Ubuntu and you don't want to use docker, see [our notes below](#couchdb-on-ubuntu).
```

Author: rejecting b/c you reviewed an earlier commit (by like 38 secs ;). Was already fixed in 
b4fd150

Medic recommends you familiarise yourself with other Docker commands to make docker image and container management clearer.

### CouchDB on Ubuntu

> While we recommend use Docker to install CouchDB for development, it is still possible to install CouchDB on bare metal in Ubuntu, but there's some caveats: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we recommend use Docker to install CouchDB for development, it is still possible to install CouchDB on bare metal in Ubuntu, but there are some caveats: 
```

* For Ubuntu 18.04 and earlier, you need to specify in `apt` version to install with the `-V` flag.  For example, on a clean 18.04 install you would run:
   ```bash
   curl -sL https://couchdb.apache.org/repo/bintray-pubkey.asc | sudo apt-key add
   echo "deb https://apache.bintray.com/couchdb-deb bionic main" | sudo tee -a /etc/apt/sources.list
   apt update
  apt install couchdb=2.3.1~bionic -V

>    ```

Reviewer: Can we fix the whitespace alignment to be consistent?

Author: yuck!  Thanks for catching that. I'd copied the snippets from a site, tested them, and pasted them - hence the mish mash. fixed in 8884bab
